Clarify internal usage of empty label values by federation (#2530)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/specs/remote_write_spec.md

Remote write Receivers MAY ingest valid samples within a write request that otherwise contains invalid samples. Receivers MUST return a HTTP 400 status code ("Bad Request") for write requests that contain any invalid samples. Receivers SHOULD provide a human readable error message in the response body. Senders MUST NOT try and interpret the error message, and SHOULD log it as is.

> Whilst [Federation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) relies upon an `instance` label with an empty value this is strictly an internal use case. Everything else MUST adhere to the `MUST NOT contain any empty label names or values` requirement above.

Reviewer: :thinking: I'm wondering if the federation use case would ever lead to the necessity to send an empty label value via remote write.

In different news, I think the most common case of utilizing an empty `instance` label is actually the Pushgateway and not federation. (The Pushgateway even adds an empty `instance` label implicitly, see last paragraph of this [doc section](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway?tab=readme-ov-file#about-the-job-and-instance-labels).)

But again, this is only relevant for exposition and subsequent scrape, not for remote write. The samples ingested via federation or from a Pushgateway won't have any empty labels anymore when sent via remote write.

So maybe let's take it from a different perspective:

```suggestion
The existing use cases for empty label names (mostly when scraping a [federation endpoint](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) or the [Pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway?tab=readme-ov-file#about-the-job-and-instance-labels) with the `honor_labels: true` setting) are irrelevant for remote write and thus not in conflict with the “MUST NOT contain any empty label names or values” requirement above.
```
